#labels Featured
= Release Notes =

== version 0.0.3 05.11.2009 ==

I am proud to present version 0.0.3 of Vosao CMS.

Clean installation:

 # Upload version 0.0.3 and select it as the default version
 # Run site root url /. Default site will be installed.

Version upgrade steps:

 # Upload version 0.0.3 and select it as the default version
 # Run update url /update. Database schema will be automatically updated.

Implemented and fixed issues:

 # [http://code.google.com/p/vosao/issues/detail?id=14 Added form plugin]
 # [http://code.google.com/p/vosao/issues/detail?id=33 Added security to JSON-RPC services]
 # []
 # []
 # []
 # []
 # []
 # []
 # []
 # []
 # []
 # []
 # []
 # []
 # []
 # []
 # []
 # []
 # []
 # []



== version 0.0.2 02.10.2009 ==

In this version database schema was changed and unfortunately complete database cleaning is required. Please follow these instructions to upgrade running sites.

Clean installation:

 # Upload version 0.0.2 and select it as the default version
 # run setup url /setup

Version upgrade steps:

 # In application running previous version make site export
 # Upload version 0.0.2 and select it as the default version
 # Completely clean the database except UserEntity table.
 # run setup url /setup
 # Import previously exported site 

Implemented and fixed issues:

 # [http://code.google.com/p/vosao/issues/detail?id=8&can=1 Add resources caching on client side.]
 # [http://code.google.com/p/vosao/issues/detail?id=23&can=1 Add captcha service]
 # [http://code.google.com/p/vosao/issues/detail?id=24&can=1 Add anonymous comments feature to pages.]
 # [http://code.google.com/p/vosao/issues/detail?id=28&can=1 Add profile dialog ]
 # [http://code.google.com/p/vosao/issues/detail?id=31&can=1 Implement autosave for page and template editor]
 # [http://code.google.com/p/vosao/issues/detail?id=32&can=1 Add export from folder. ]
 # [http://code.google.com/p/vosao/issues/detail?id=34&can=1 Add comments import/export ]
 # [http://code.google.com/p/vosao/issues/detail?id=35&can=1 Add comments moderation feature ]
 # [http://code.google.com/p/vosao/issues/detail?id=36&can=1 Add "save and continue" button to text editors ]


== version 0.0.1 25.09.2009 ==
 * first prototype release 