#labels Featured
= Project road map =

== (TBD) RC2 ==

 * Structured page layout based on custom data-entry form (#60).
 * Enhanced caching to increase performance (#69).
 * Enable user commenting for Vosao web site (#88).
 * Provide placeholders for any "TODO" pages (#89).
 * Use staging site to update documentation and test next release (#92).

[http://code.google.com/p/vosao/issues/list?can=2&q=status:Accepted%20milestone=Release-0.2&colspec=ID%20Type%20Status%20Priority%20Milestone%20Owner%20Summary Accepted for RC2 but not implemented.]

== 15.10.2010 RC1 ==

Version 1.0 Release candidate.

== 15.09.2010 Beta version ==

Version 0.9 Beta version.
 * Intensive testing.
 * Develop unit tests for coverage 75%.

== 15.08.2010 Alpha version ==

Version 0.8 Alpha version.
 * Develop various plugins.

== 15.07.2010 Alpha version ==

Version 0.7 Alpha version.
 * Develop various plugins.

== 15.06.2010 Alpha version ==

Version 0.6 Alpha version.
 * Develop various plugins.

== 15.05.2010 Alpha version ==

Version 0.5 Alpha version.
 * Develop various plugins.
 * Admin interface localization

== 15.04.2010 Alpha version ==

Version 0.4 Alpha version.
 * Develop various plugins.

== 15.03.2010 Alpha version ==

Version 0.3 Alpha version.
 * Plugins system.
 * Search
 * Sitemap plugin
 * Disqus plugin
 * Main menu plugin (based on Superfish jQuery plugin)

== 01.02.2010 Alpha version ==

Version 0.2 Alpha version.
 * Structured content with templates
 * Datastore queries caching in memcache

== 01.01.2010 Alpha version ==

Version 0.1 Alpha version.
 * User security based on privileges, ACL and groups.

== 01.12.2009 Working prototype. ==

Version 0.0.4 Working prototype.
 * Multilanguage support. 
 * Content versioning. 

== 01.11.2009 Creating user interface ==

Version 0.0.3 Working prototype.
Develop CMS look&feel. Create all user interface elements.

== 01.10.2009 Technology investigation. ==

Version 0.0.1 Working prototype.
Create pilot project. Test all required libraries in GAE/J environment.

== Project start 14.08.2009 ==